again black biking is back and ready to
react this one is for the trailer the
power clip actually for Colossus the
power piece for Colossus copy
don't do Colossus wrong now they gave us
a crumb and then lastly were born with
it oh come on
now strong he is you know what he looks
like
he looks like the t1000 that's exactly
what he looks like
in the last frame of that yeah of this
power piece it looks like the t1000 so
sorry the way the way they showed him I
got mad because it showed just one part
and then it reversed it and I want to
see what he was gonna do that's why I
got mad so we will just have to see what
we shall see so far all the of all the
power pieces blink and blink and magneto
I think I've been my favourites yeah 1
million subscribers